Clarify explanation of `Verity=` option (#3121)
systemd/mkosi: mkosi/resources/man/mkosi.1.md

    certificate must be present and the build will fail if we don't
    detect any verity partitions in the disk image produced by
    systemd-repart. If disabled, verity partitions will be excluded from
    the extension images produced by systemd-repart. If set to `auto` and
    a verity key and certificate are present, mkosi will pass them to systemd-repart

>     and expect the generated disk image to contain verity partition,

Reviewer: `partitions`

Reviewer 2: Also "expects"
```suggestion
    and expects the generated disk image to contain verity partitions,
```
